Provide IConfiguration extensions to configure certain modules (Lombiq Technologies: OCORE-97) (#12033)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Email/README.md

!!! note
    You must configure `ProxyHost` and `ProxyPort` if the SMTP server runs through a proxy server.

## Email Settings Configuration

> The `OrchardCore.Email` module allows the user to use configuration values to override the `AdminSettings` by calling `ConfigureEmailSettings()` extension method.

Reviewer: `AdminSettings` is not a type here (I believe you didn't mean `OrchardCore.Admin.Models.AdminSettings`). Fix the same thing in the other instances too.

So:

```suggestion
The `OrchardCore.Email` module allows the user to use configuration values to override the settings configured from the admin area by calling the `ConfigureEmailSettings()` extension method on `OrchardCoreBuilder` when initializing the app.
```
